Bear in mind, I'm already grading this on the Cecil Whittaker's curve... Good Cecil's pizza being 5 stars. This location just isn't good. Picked up a couple pizzas and some garlic cheese bread on Pi day, and yikes. The pizza wasn't very warm, so the cheese felt plasticky. The garlic cheese bread was a loaf of wimpy French bread cut in half with squares of cheese melted on it. After one bite it went totally uneaten. Not to mention the pricing was outrageous, even with an Internet coupon it was about $25 for what seemed like not a lot of mediocre food. A few slices got eaten, and the leftovers got tossed. Tossing pizza is blasphemy in this household, but it was just that bad. The service wasn't great either, I had to ask for my order of bread, and the cashiers were more interested in returning to their side conversations than customer service. Spend the extra $5 and go to Imo's. We just ordered dinner from here. We always love the pizza.  Tonight we tried the tortellini in addition to the pizza.  It tasted like dog food. It has peas in the sauce which aren't mentioned on the menu. It was also very dry with very little sauce. I couldn't eat it. I've ordered food from here multiple times and i always get delivery or carry out. I've had only a few bad customer service issues with them, and I'm always understanding. As someone that works in the restaurant industry I understand stuff happens and the food is what i expect from a little pizza joint. however, i have received raw chicken wings for the third time. I didn't bother calling again because no one really seems to care when l have complained. I don't want anything for it, just maybe an effort to not happen again. my hubby and i are gonna take a break from ordering from them awhile. maybe they'll be some improvement in the future. Staying at a hotel and ordered a house salad, Buffalo chicken sandwich, and hot wings. No plastic fork or napkins were included. The food was was lukewarm and was below average at best. food is good, but not good enough to make up for the terrible service. Walked into an empty restaurant, no one greeted us, the two girls at the counter looked up at us but couldn't bother to stop playing on their phones to acknowledge us or say a word. Unbelievable. Won't be back. If you are looking for a screwed up delivery order and cold food this is the place to call,  No offer to correct mistake. Some times you go places for the food and other times it's for the people. It's for the food here because the customer service is non existent. A smile and welcoming hello isn't what you get here. Great pizza is though! I'm not a big pizza fan because I hate red sauces. They don't layer it on a million times and the pizzas are super cheesy too!! And every Wednesday they have $5 pizzas! Definitely a favorite in my house! But nice workers should be something you work on! The pizza = great!
The customer service = not so great!

Cecil's was on my mind one cold night and I decided to call in an order on my way home.  The lady who answered wasn't very friendly.  I has to ask about the deals and question about other things as she took my order.  She didn't even ask for my name, I had to prompt her on if she needed it and she said they had caller ID.  I apologize for being blunt but if one doesn't always call here, how would they know?

Upon arrival, the counter people still weren't very friendly.  However the pizza was great - they use real bacon strips, yum - and eaten quite fast.  

I would love to visit again, I just hope the next time I contact them, that there is a bit more friendliness that is offered. Food was awesome, pizza, wings, salad, crab Rangoon...my only issue, there needs to be a location on the Illinois side...try Belleville (nucleus  of metro east area) this time Horrible service I stood there eight minutes waiting to be acknowledged and was never acknowledged is waitstaff have no idea how to handle customers not a word to me and close to 10 minutes of being the only customer
I walked out to never return We always order from here and usually it's great! But today our whole order was wrong. The pizza was cold , they looked like if they had been sitting there for a whole the cheese was stale looking, the wings were barely warm. We ordered the steak sandwich and the onions and bell peppers were raw!! Terrible service. Called the manager and he didn't seems to mind at all. Horrible!!!! Time to find a new pizza place. Cecil Whittaker's is my FAVORITE pizza place on the entire planet, no question. The Lemay Ferry Rd. location is the one I usually go to since it is closest to where I currently live, but I've gotten pizza from a number of different locations and it's always great.

The crust, cheese, sauce, and all of their toppings are pure excellence. 

Every once in awhile I notice inconsistency with the quantity of sauce and cheese, but honestly I experience that at every pizza place I've ever been to. As a result I won't let this effect my rating. Most the time there is not a huge variance anyway. 

I don't know what baking process they use, but I recommend getting at least two toppings on your pizza or the cheese will be cooked too much (at least for my taste). I've found this is true with most places that sell STL style pizza though. Hamburger and onion are a great combo, sausage and pepperoni, sausage and bacon, and sausage and mushroom are some of my favorite combos at Cecil's. I feel that if you get too many toppings on STL style pizza it ruins the flavor balance since the crust is so thin.

I can't recommend this brand of pizza enough. It is a perfect example of St. Louis style pizza.... if you don't like it, then get out of my damn city!!! :) I have been away from STL for 8 years but still find myself craving Cecil Whittakers.  I have to go every time I am back in town.  This is true STL style pizza with the best sauce around.  Way better than Imo's, not even close. If there was a zero star I would choose that. Worse server and manager and customer service ever. I worked at a restaurant and if I was treated the way me and my family tonight was treated tonight I would of been fired. Our server was horrible every time we asked for something she rolled our eyes. And was talking about us in front of other people and co workers loudly. Very unprofessional. My niece and newphew went for the buffet option. They tried to say we were stealing food bc I took a bit of my nieces salad and my mom had a toasted ravioli. Our server was very very rude and when I asked to speak to manager he/she never came our. This is unacceptable and we will never be back. This place is extremely unprofessional. When my mom told the server she was rude and she was not tipping her she goes I don't care. And then as I was walking out I heard her talking about us to another table. No wonder why u have no business by rude as people I hope u go out of business bye stupid ass people 
Still the worst place to eat. Still very unprofessional I thought i would give it a try thinking maybe they were having a bad day. Nope still rude as fuck. Don't go to the on lemay by old navy it's the worst one. Very disappointing. When on gravois is much better and have happier people I have always enjoyed Cecil Whittakers Pizzeria food, and I have always had nice small talk with the staff. Saturday around 4 pm I decided on hitting up the Lemay Ferry location for the first time. I knew I was going to get A Large Deluxe, toasted Ravs, & spaghetti.  Upon walking up I noticed on the window buy 1 get 1 free Large or XL. So I was happy to see that. Inside was spacious & clean with 2 giant TVs. Loved that!  The lady who took my order was very friendly telling me the specials. Order only took about 10 minutes to make. Every thing looked and tasted so good ! The deluxe was loaded ( no skimping here). All I can say is I am glad this place checked all the boxes with nice atmosphere, great food & friendly staff. I will definitely be back soon! After waiting a little over an hour for my delivery I called to check on it, was told the driver was on the way. Not sure if that was true or not. When my food got here it was cold. So I waited well over an hour to get cold food. I normally have an OK experience with the store so maybe it was just an off night, but nonetheless it was disappointing. Just placed an online order for lunch totaling $43. Only to have it canceled by the manager and told to take my business to Imo's. Sure hope the owner sees this review! That manager shouldn't be employed if this is how he enter acts with customers! If there was a zero star I would choose that. Worse server and manager and customer service ever. I worked at a restaurant and if I was treated the way me and my family tonight was treated tonight I would of been fired. Our server was horrible every time we asked for something she rolled our eyes. And was talking about us in front of other people and co workers loudly. Very unprofessional. My niece and newphew went for the buffet option. They tried to say we were stealing food bc I took a bit of my nieces salad and my mom had a toasted ravioli. Our server was very very rude and when I asked to speak to manager he/she never came our. This is unacceptable and we will never be back. This place is extremely unprofessional. When my mom told the server she was rude and she was not tipping her she goes I don't care. And then as I was walking out I heard her talking about us to another table. No wonder why u have no business by rude as people I hope u go out of business bye stupid ass people see u never. Oh and our server was her phone. No mAnager ever came out either I went on Super bowl Sunday and ordered 2xl pizza's and 20 wings. My order took long and I asked for my wings to be well done crispy. When I received the order the pizza's was bland and half done. The wings were soft and soggy and not well done. I got home and put wings back in the oven to get crispy. Basically my super bowl was ruined and I still got half of the food. They offered me more food on next visit but I will not be going back ever. I get there and they were charging a dollar do use a credit card. Cesar Whitakers has multiple places in good enough business to where they should not be charging to run a credit card much less a dollar most places are $.50 also would be nice to know when you order over the phone that is recommended to bring cash instead they just surprise you with the extra fee will not be going back Ugh where do  i start...wings were trash as you see from the picture. Those are supposed to be hot wings...i asked for no onions in my salad Cassidy claimed they don't put onions in their salad but I had purple onions in my salad. The  pizza was horrible my  kids didn't even pick the toppings off to eat. Don't say i didn't warn  you! Just go to the Affton location it's 100 times better! This place has gone to crap!  I watched an employee handle a tube of raw ground beef and turn around and put toppings on a pizza without washing their hands. When I told the manager  she  said "He doesn't have to wear gloves when handling pizza" great but what about the RAW HAMBURGER! Yikes run while you can to the Affton location on Gravois this place is TERRIBLE!